chore(autonomous-nodes): add examples to autonomous node docs (#437)
botpress/docs: studio/concepts/nodes/autonomous-node.mdx

    If you can't answer the user's question with `global.search`, use `browser.webSearch`.
    ```
  </Accordion>

    <Accordion
    title="Example: Keep knowledge and web search on-topic"
    >

>     This prompt narrows when each search tool runs so the Node does not pull unrelated content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This prompt narrows when each search tool runs so the Node doesn't pull unrelated content:
```
suuuuper nit: we use contractions to keep it conversational
https://developers.google.com/style/contractions

Author: interestinggg, always ingrained to never use contractions in writing ig

    ```markdown Instructions wrap
    **Tool boundaries**
    - Use `global.search` only for questions about [your scoped topic—for example course content or order support]. Do **not** use it for general pricing, marketing, or unrelated small talk unless the user explicitly needs a documented policy from the knowledge base.
    - Use `browser.webSearch` only when `global.search` does not contain a sufficient answer **and** the question still falls within that same scope. Do not use web search for out-of-scope requests—politely decline instead.
    ```
  </Accordion>

    <Accordion
    title="Example: Video link with a timestamp"
    >

>     When the base URL lives in a [workflow variable](/studio/concepts/variables/scopes/workflow), this prompt tells the Autonomous Node how to add a start time (replace the variable name with one you have given the Node access to):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the base URL lives in a [Workflow variable](/studio/concepts/variables/scopes/workflow), this prompt tells the Autonomous Node how to add a start time (replace the variable name with one you have given the Node access to):
```

      ```
    </Accordion>

    <Accordion
    title="Example: Transition and set a variable"
    >

    This pattern is for leaving the Autonomous Node for a structured sub-Workflow after saving a value from the conversation. The Autonomous Node needs [read and write access](#give-access-to-variables) to the variable you mention:

    ```markdown Instructions wrap

>     When the user asks for deeper details about an email they mentioned, use `workflow.transition` to move to the **Enrich contact** node. Before transitioning, set `workflow.requestedEmail` to that email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the user asks for deeper details about an email they mentioned, use `workflow.transition` to move to the **Enrich contact** Node. Before transitioning, set `workflow.requestedEmail` to that email address.
```

    ```

>     Replace the node name, variable name, and trigger phrase with whatever matches your bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Replace the Node name, variable name, and trigger phrase with whatever matches your bot.
```

    </Accordion>

    <Accordion
    title="Example: Menu choice, then transition"
    >

>     This prompt combines `global.Message` with `workflow.transition` when the user picks a numeric option. Connect each target with a **Transition** card on the canvas first so `workflow.transition` is valid:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This prompt combines `global.Message` with `workflow.transition` when the user picks a numeric option. Connect each option with another Node in your Workflow first so `workflow.transition` is valid:
```
i might be wrong here but I think this is what you're getting at?
